Improve hash combination capabilities (#56)
ba-st/Buoy: docs/Comparison.md

# Comparison

This package includes classes to ease the comparison of objects both for equality and identity. They are typically used to implement the `=` and `hash` methods.

## Hash Combinators

> Hash combinators help to implement the `hash` or `identityHash` methods by providing an easy way to combine hashes. Any object can send to himself the `equalityHashCombinator` message and then use it to calculate the combined hash value. The default equality hash combinator uses bitXor operations, but any object can override it and provide a more specific policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hash combinators help to implement the `hash` or `identityHash` methods by providing an easy way to combine hashes. Any object can send to itself the `equalityHashCombinator` message and then use it to calculate the combined hash value. The default equality hash combinator uses bitXor operations, but any object can override this default behavior and provide a more specific policy.
```
